Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH!...
[AS YAMI-YUGI]
DUKE DEVLIN,
YOUR CRUEL STUNT
HAS GONE ON LONG ENOUGH.
I CHALLENGE YOU
TO A DUEL!
EXCELLENT,
BUT WE WILL PLAY A GAME
OF MY OWN CHOOSING.
WE WILL BATTLE
TO THE FINISH
IN A GAME CALLED
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS.
Yugi: DUKE'S MONSTERS
HAVE ALREADY TAKEN OUT
ONE OF MY 3 HEART POINTS,
AND UNLESS I DO SOMETHING
RIGHT HERE, THEY'LL
TAKE OUT ANOTHER.
Yami-Yugi: STRIKE, NINJA!
JUMP INTO THE WARP VORTEX!
ATTACK HIS HEART POINT!
ORGOTH! SHOW THAT NINJA
WHY YOU'RE CALLED RELENTLESS!
SURE, YOU MAY HAVE ONE
HEART POINT MORE THAN ME, YUGI,
BUT I HAVE
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS,
AND NONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
WILL STOP HIM
FROM GETTING
TO YOUR HEART POINTS.
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-D-D-DUEL!
Yugi, voice-over: OH, NO!
WITH MY NINJA GONE,
DUKE HAS ME
ON THE DEFENSIVE AGAIN.
I'VE GOT TO FIND A WAY
TO PROTECT MY HEART POINTS.
[AS YAMI-YUGI]
GO, DICE ROLL!
[AS YUGI]
THAT'LL WORK.
[AS YAMI-YUGI]
LOOKS LIKE I'VE ROLLED
A MOVEMENT CREST
WITH A DOUBLE-MOVEMENT
BONUS, DUKE.
I'LL USE IT TO POSITION
MY KNIGHT OF TWIN SWORDS
BETWEEN YOUR MONSTERS
AND MY HEART POINTS.
NICE TRY, YUGI,
BUT NONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS
CAN WITHSTAND THE FORCE
OF ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS.
HA!
AND HE'S COMING FOR YOU!
[CHUCKLING]
ORGOTH,
ADVANCE 4 SPACES!
Yugi, voice-over:
HE'S HEADING RIGHT
FOR THE WARP VORTEX.
IF ORGOTH WARPS,
DUKE WILL GET
THROUGH MY DEFENSES
WITHOUT A FIGHT!
SCARED YET?
REMEMBER HOW YOU
USED THE WARP VORTEX
TO SNEAK BEHIND
MY LINES?
WELL, TWO CAN PLAY
AT THAT GAME.
Joey: OH, NO!
Duke Devlin: ORGOTH,
JUMP INTO THE WARP VORTEX!
YOU KNOW
HOW IT WORKS, YUGI.
WITH VORTEX,
HE INSTANTLY WARPS
TO YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD.
THE END IS NEAR, YUGI.
I THINK NOT.
MAYBE YOU'VE
FORGOTTEN, DUKE,
BUT REMEMBER,
I STILL HAVE ONE MORE
HEART POINT THAN YOU DO,
AND NOW IT'S MY TURN.
GO, DICE ROLL!
THERE! USING
THE MOVEMENT CRESTS,
I'LL BUILD A WALL
AROUND MY HEART POINTS.
FIRST,
I'LL MOVE THUNDERBALL
INTO POSITION,
THEN MIGHTY MAGE,
AND FINALLY,
KNIGHT OF TWIN SWORDS.
HOW SAD. THE SO-CALLED
KING OF GAMES
IS IN A DESPERATE
RETREAT.
YOU COWARD. HA!
NOW YOU'LL SEE
HOW A REAL MASTER PLAYS.
I'LL USE
TWO MOVEMENT CRESTS
FROM MY CREST POOL
TO MOVE
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS
INTO ATTACK RANGE.
WITH THE MAGIC CRESTS
I ROLLED,
I'LL RAISE ORGOTH'S
ATTACK POWER BY 10,
GIVING HIM
A TOTAL OF 40.
I TOLD YOU ORGOTH
WAS RELENTLESS.
NOW WITNESS
HIS STRENGTH UP CLOSE.
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS,
ATTACK THUNDERBALL
AND SHOW YOUR POWER!
DIAMOND BLADE STRIKE!
[GRUNTING]
HMM.
IT'S TOUGH TO WATCH,
EH, YUGI?
Girls: DEVLIN'S SMART!
DEVLIN'S CUTE!
JOEY'S STUCK
IN A DOGGY SUIT!
[VOICE-OVER]
SO MUCH FOR THUNDERBALL.
LOOKS LIKE I'D BETTER
GET USED TO THE TASTE
OF DOG CHOW.
JUST TWO MORE
MONSTERS LEFT!
DUKE'S TAKING OUT
YUGI'S DEFENSES
ONE BY ONE!
I KNOW,
BUT YUGI'S BEEN IN
TOUGH SPOTS BEFORE,
AND HE'S ALWAYS
COME THROUGH,
AND REMEMBER,
HE'S STILL
GOT THE LEAD.
[ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
YOU HANG IN THERE, YUGI.
JUST LIKE DUEL MONSTERS,
THE GAME'S NOT OVER
TILL THE FINAL MOVE IS MADE.
Duke Devlin:
POOR YUGI.
NOW WHAT? YOU CAN'T
SUMMON ANY MORE MONSTERS
BECAUSE THERE'S NO ROOM
LEFT IN YOUR TERRITORY.
YOU'VE PLAYED WELL
FOR A FIRST-TIMER, YUGI.
I'LL GIVE YOU
THAT MUCH.
BUT THERE'S NO WAY
A HACK LIKE YOU
COULD HAVE BEATEN
THE GREAT PEGASUS.
NOW I'M GOING
TO EXPOSE YOU
AS THE FRAUD
YOU REALLY ARE.
DON'T WRITE
THAT VICTORY SPEECH
JUST YET, DEVLIN.
THIS GAME'S
NOT OVER.
GO, DICE ROLL!
[TYPING]
I CHECKED OUT
MY HELP SCREEN, DUKE,
AND FOUND MIGHTY MAGE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ALLOWS IT
TO ATTACK OPPONENTS
TWO SPACES AWAY.
MIGHTY MAGE,
LIGHTNING STAFF ATTACK!
NO WORRIES. I CAN WEAKEN
YOUR MAGIC ATTACK
WITH ONE DEFENSE CREST.
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS,
ACTIVATE DEFENSE!
OH, NO. ORGOTH
WITHSTOOD THE FORCE
OF MIGHTY MAGE'S
ATTACK.
THAT'S RIGHT, YUGI.
ORGOTH ONLY TOOK
10 DAMAGE POINTS,
DROPPING
HIS HIT POINTS TO 20.
BUT BECAUSE ORGOTH
HAS AN ATTACK POWER
OF 40,
MY MIGHTY MAGE TOOK
20 DAMAGE POINTS,
BUT THAT STILL LEAVES
20 HIT POINTS LEFT.
HE'S NOT
FINISHED YET, DUKE.
HE WILL BE
AFTER MY NEXT TURN.
ALL RIGHT!
GO, DICE ROLL!
ADVANCE ONE SPACE,
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS.
RIGHT NOW, ORGOTH
HAS AN ATTACK POWER OF 40,
BUT HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
ALLOWS ME TO USE
6 MAGIC CRESTS
TO INCREASE HIS
ATTACK POWER BY 30 POINTS--
MORE THAN ENOUGH
TO OBLITERATE
YOUR MAGE.
EVEN YOU SHOULD KNOW
IT TAKES MORE
THAN STRENGTH
TO WIN, DEVLIN.
WITHOUT STRATEGY,
POWER'S JUST
AN EMPTY THREAT.
IS THAT SO?
ORGOTH,
ATTACK MIGHTY MAGE!
SUPER DIAMOND BLADE STRIKE!
Yugi, voice-over:
OH, NO!
THAT LEAVES ME
WITH JUST ONE MONSTER
STANDING BETWEEN DUKE
AND MY HEART POINTS.
HOW DO I GET OUT
OF THIS?
HA HA HA!
LOOKS LIKE
YOUR BEGINNER'S LUCK
HAS FINALLY
GIVEN OUT, YUGI.
Yugi, voice-over:
WHAT IF HE'S RIGHT?
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS
IS A DIFFERENT GAME.
MAYBE I'M JUST NOT GOOD
ENOUGH TO BEAT DUKE.
POOR JOEY.
I PROMISED TO GET HIM
OUT OF THAT SUIT.
NOW I'M ABOUT TO LET
MY BEST FRIEND DOWN.
Duke Devlin:
GIVE IT UP, YUGI.
STOP WASTING MY TIME
AND SURRENDER.
GRRR...
DUKE!
NO, YUGI. YOU CAN'T SURRENDER
TO THAT BLOWHARD!
THIS MUTT
JUST WON'T LEARN.
BAD, BAD DOG.
THAT'S IT.
GET THE MUZZLE.
MUZZLE YOURSELVES!
I GOT SOMETHING TO SAY HERE.
DON'T LET DUKE
RATTLE YOU, YUGE.
YOU'VE BEEN
IN TOUGHER SITUATIONS
AGAINST BETTER DUELISTS
THAN THIS GUY,
AND YOU'VE ALWAYS
TURNED IT AROUND.
YOU EVEN WHIPPED PEGASUS,
AND HE WAS AS CROOKED
AS THEY COME.
YOU WON THE ENTIRE TOURNAMENT
AT DUELIST KINGDOM, YUGI.
[AS YAMI-YUGI]
EVEN SO,
THIS IS DIFFERENT.
COME ON. THIS IS NO TIME
TO BE HUMBLE, BUDDY.
YOU WON
THE CHAMPIONSHIP
BECAUSE YOU WERE THE BEST
GAMER ON THE ISLAND--
BETTER THAN WEEVIL,
BETTER THAN MAKO,
EVEN BETTER
THAN ME AND MAI!
ALL BECAUSE YOU BELIEVED
IN THE HEART OF THE CARDS,
NO MATTER WHO
YOUR OPPONENT WAS
OR HOW TOUGH
HE SEEMED.
DON'T FORGET
THAT YOU DEFEATED
THE INVENTOR
OF DUEL MONSTERS
AT HIS OWN GAME.
YOU CAN BEAT
THIS JOKER AT HIS.
YOU CAN'T LET
THIS DUKE OF DORK
SHAKE YOU.
YOU'RE THE KING
OF GAMES, YUGE.
SO WHAT
IF DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS
HAS A FEW NEW RULES?
IF YOU JUST TRUST
IN YOURSELF,
YOU CAN STILL WIN!
YOU TAUGHT ME THAT, PAL.
WHAT HE SAID!
JOEY'S RIGHT, YUGI.
YOU GOT TO KEEP
THE FAITH.
INSPIRING SPEECH,
JOEY.
NO ONE CAN ACCUSE YOU
OF ROLLING OVER
AND PLAYING DEAD.
UGH!
[GRUNT]
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT, JOEY.
I CAN NEVER FORGET WHAT
MADE ME DUEL MONSTERS CHAMPION
IN THE FIRST PLACE--
BELIEVING IN THE HEART
OF THE CARDS.
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS
IS NO DIFFERENT.
SO LONG AS I HAVE
THE SAME FAITH IN MY DICE
THAT I HAD
IN MY DUELING DECK,
I CAN STILL WIN THIS,
SO I'D ADVISE YOU
TO KEEP AN EYE
ON YOUR LAST
HEART POINT, DUKE,
BECAUSE I'M COMING AFTER IT!
[ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
THAT'S RIGHT, YUGI.
TRUST IN YOUR HEART
AND THE DICE,
AND YOU'LL NEVER LOSE.
TRUST IN YOUR HEART.
Yugi: LET'S DO IT,
PARTNER.
Duke Devlin:
QUIT STALLING, YUGI.
I'VE GOT A GAME TO WIN.
Yami-Yugi:
OR TO LOSE!
GO, DICE ROLL!
NOW I USE
THAT MOVEMENT CREST
TO MOVE MY KNIGHT
FORWARD TWO SQUARES.
THEN I'LL ADD
4 ATTACK CRESTS
FROM MY CREST POOL
TO THE TWO
ATTACK CRESTS
I JUST ROLLED,
GIVING MY KNIGHT
A TOTAL OF 6
ATTACK CRESTS.
Yugi, voice-over:
ORGOTH ONLY
HAS A TOTAL
OF 5 DEFENSE CRESTS.
WITH MY ADVANTAGE,
I SHOULD BE ABLE
TO DEFEAT ORGOTH
AND GO
ON THE OFFENSIVE!
[AS YAMI-YUGI]
I CALL ON THE KNIGHT
OF TWIN SWORDS!
DOUBLE SLASH ATTACK!
YOU AMATEUR!
YOU MAY HAVE
6 ATTACK CRESTS,
BUT I HAVE YARANZO'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
HE CAN CHANGE
ANY CRESTS IN MY POOL
TO DEFENSE CRESTS
WHICH ALLOWS HIM
TO FURTHER SHIELD ORGOTH
FROM YOUR ATTACKS.
[GASPING]
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
ORGOTH STOPPED ALL 6
OF THE KNIGHT
OF TWIN SWORDS'
SLASH ATTACKS!
I'D SAY YOUR TIME'S
JUST ABOUT UP, YUGI.
IN A FEW MORE ROLLS
OF THE DICE,
YOUR HEART POINTS
ARE GONNA BE HISTORY!
[CHUCKLING]
AND NOW YOU SEE
JUST WHY THEY CALL
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS.
YOU'RE FINISHED.
YOU'VE GOT
NOTHING LEFT.
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS,
ATTACK THE KNIGHT
OF TWIN SWORDS!
[GROWLING]
AGAINST AN ATTACK POWER
AS HIGH AS ORGOTH'S,
MY KNIGHT IS DOOMED!
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN DO
TO PROTECT HIM ANY MORE.
Duke Devlin:
DIAMOND BLADE STRIKE!
AAH!
NO!
NO, IT'S GONE!
THAT WAS YOUR
LAST MONSTER, YUGI.
NOW NOTHING
STANDS IN MY WAY.
THIS IS GONNA BE SWEET.
DUKE'S RIGHT.
I HAVE NOTHING LEFT
TO PROTECT
MY HEART POINTS
FROM HIS
FINAL ASSAULT.
I'M ONLY ONE MOVE AWAY
FROM BREAKING YOUR HEART.
PACK IT IN, YUGI.
IT'S EASY TO GIVE UP,
TO GIVE IN
WHEN THINGS GET TOUGH,
BUT THAT'S
NOT THE WAY TO WIN.
I WON'T QUIT,
NO MATTER HOW HOPELESS
IT SEEMS, DEVLIN!
THAT'S NOT THE WAY
TO GET AHEAD,
EITHER IN DUEL MONSTERS
OR IN LIFE.
YOU KNOW A LOT
ABOUT THIS GAME, DUKE,
BUT YOU'VE GOT
A LOT TO LEARN
ABOUT THE PEOPLE
YOU PLAY.
MAYBE BY THE TIME
THIS MATCH IS OVER,
YOU'LL HAVE LEARNED MORE
THAN JUST A NEW
DUNGEON DICE RULE.
WHAT YOU GOT,
PREACH?
NO MATCH.
THERE'S NOTHING
I CAN DO THIS TURN.
[CHUCKLING]
SO MUCH
FOR YOUR PHILOSOPHY.
YOU'RE THE ONE THAT'S
ABOUT TO BE SCHOOLED.
JUST WATCH THE MASTER
ROLL HIS DICE.
PERFECT! TWO MORE
MOVEMENT CRESTS.
I MOVE
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS
TWO SPACES,
PUTTING HIM
IN ATTACK POSITION!
[GROWLING]
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS,
ATTACK YUGI
AND HIS HEART POINTS!
Tea: NO! YUGI!
AAH!
Tea: IT'S OK, YUGI.
YOU STILL HAVE
ONE HEART POINT LEFT.
YOU ONLY HAVE
ONE MORE TURN
BEFORE ORGOTH DESTROYS
YOUR LAST HEART POINT.
FINALLY, I'LL AVENGE
PEGASUS' LOSS
AND SHOW EVERYONE
WHAT A PHONY YOU ARE, YUGI.
I WOULDN'T GLOAT
JUST YET, DEVLIN.
ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS SUMMON A MONSTER,
AND I CAN TURN
THIS MATCH AROUND.
DREAM ON!
SURE,
IT SOUNDS SIMPLE,
BUT I CONTROL
THE FIELD, YUGI.
YOU DON'T
HAVE ANY ROOM LEFT
TO DIMENSION
THE DICE.
HA HA HA!
[GASPING]
Girl: OH, NO!
HAVE FAITH, YUGI!
Girls: HE'S CUNNING!
HE'S SCHEMING!
HE'S DEVLIN! GO, DUKE!
MILLIONS OF GAMING FANS
AROUND THE WORLD
ARE GLUED TO THE TV,
WAITING FOR ME
TO SHOW YOU UP
FOR THE FAKE
YOU REALLY ARE.
SO THIS IS THE MOMENT
OF TRUTH, YUGI.
Yugi, voice-over:
HE'S RIGHT.
IT IS THE MOMENT
OF TRUTH,
BUT I KNOW THERE'S
STILL ONE MONSTER
THAT CAN
HELP ME WIN.
I JUST HAVE TO BELIEVE
AND CALL ON IT
RIGHT NOW!
[AS YAMI-YUGI]
GO, DICE ROLL!
COME ON, YUGE.
A LEVEL 4 SUMMONING!
ALL RIGHT!
NICE ROLL.
TOO BAD I'VE GOT YOU
SO BOXED IN,
YOU CAN'T DIMENSION
THE DICE.
DON'T BE SO SURE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THERE'S MORE
THAN ONE WAY
TO DIMENSION THE DICE,
DUKE DEVLIN.
YOU JUST
HAVE TO BELIEVE.
DON'T TELL ME
HOW TO PLAY MY GAME!
I'LL LET THE DICE
TELL YOU.
DIMENSION THE DICE!
HUH.
HE DOESN'T
STAND A CHANCE.
NO! IT'S FALLING PERFECTLY
INTO ALIGNMENT!
YOU'VE COMPLETED
THE SUMMONING!
YES, AND NOW I SUMMON
THE DARK MAGICIAN!
THE DARK MAGICIAN?
AAH! OH, NO!
THE DARK MAGICIAN
HAS NEVER FAILED ME,
DUKE.
ALL I HAD TO DO
WAS TRUST MY DICE,
AND SURE ENOUGH,
HE HAS APPEARED!
[VOICE-OVER]
I'VE BEEN UNDERESTIMATING
THIS KID ALL ALONG,
AND NOW HE'S
MANAGED TO DIMENSION
HIS FAVORITE MONSTER.
COULD I HAVE BEEN WRONG--
ABOUT HIM AND PEGASUS?
NO, I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT!
I MOVE
THE DARK MAGICIAN
FORWARD.
I'LL USE
HIS 40 ATTACK POINTS
TO BRING DOWN
ORGOTH THE RELENTLESS.
DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
[GROWLING]
WITH ONLY
20 DEFENSE POINTS,
ORGOTH COULDN'T
STAND UP TO MY
POWERFUL MAGICIAN.
Joey: HANG THAT FROM YOUR EAR
AND DANGLE IT, DUKIE BOY!
YEAH!
ALL RIGHT!
YUGI!
YUGI'S REALLY BEATING DUKE
AT HIS OWN GAME NOW.
OH, NO. IT'S OVER!
[GRUNTING]
[VOICE-OVER]
KEEP SMILING, YUGI.
IT'LL MAKE IT
THAT MUCH SWEETER
WHEN I TAKE OUT
YOUR LAST HEART POINT,
AND I KNOW
THE PERFECT WAY TO DO IT.
YOUR COMEBACK ENDS NOW!
HA! I MOVE
THE DARK ASSAILANT!
[LAUGHING]
Joey: WHAT'S THAT
SKULLHEAD UP TO?
REMEMBER WHEN I TOLD YOU
ABOUT ITEM SUMMONING, YUGI?
Yugi, voice-over:
WHAT'S THAT?
DO YOU LIKE
SURPRISES, YUGI?
BECAUSE YOU'LL BE
GETTING ONE SOON.
THE TIME HAS COME.
DARK ASSAILANT...
OPEN THE TREASURE CHEST!
HE'S STARTING
THE SUMMONING.
WHAT COULD IT BE?
Duke Devlin: SAY HELLO
TO MONSTER CANNON.
Tristan: MONSTER CANNON?
WHAT'S THAT THING DO?
[GASPING]
Duke Devlin:
WHAT'S IT DO?
IT TAKES DOWN
YUGI'S DARK MAGICIAN.
Duke Devlin:
WHAT'S THE MATTER, YUGI?
YOU'VE NEVER HEARD
OF THE MONSTER CANNON?
THAT'S TOO BAD
BECAUSE IF YOU HAD,
YOU'D KNOW
THAT MONSTER CANNON
IS A WEAPON
THAT FIRES A MONSTER
AT THE ENEMY INSTEAD
OF A CANNONBALL.
TODAY'S TARGET?
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN.
MONSTER CANNON,
READY...
AIM...
I ACTIVATE
DARK MAGICIAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY NOW!
YOU WHAT?
CONCEAL YOURSELF
WITH MAGICAL HATS!
FEELING LUCKY,
DEVLIN?
MY MAGE IS UNDER
ONE OF THESE HATS,
BUT YOU ONLY
HAVE ONE SHOT
TO GET IT RIGHT.
YOUR CARNIVAL TRICKS
WON'T SAVE YOU
THIS TIME, YUGI.
MONSTER CANNON,
ATTACK THE DARK MAGICIAN
UNDERNEATH THE SECOND HAT
FROM THE LEFT!
FIRE!
HA HA HA!
IT'S GOT TO BE THERE!
LOOKS LIKE YOU
GUESSED WRONG.
NO! IT CAN'T BE!
HE SURVIVED?
I SHOULD
THANK YOU, DUKE,
FOR MAKING
THE DARK MAGICIAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITIES
IN THIS GAME THE SAME
AS IN DUEL MONSTERS.
YARANZO, RETREAT
TO YOUR ORIGINAL SQUARE!
[GROWLING]
[VOICE-OVER]
THE DARK MAGICIAN
HAS A FEW MORE
SPECIAL ABILITIES.
I'LL HAVE TO STRENGTHEN
MY DEFENSE
BEFORE I LOSE
MY ADVANTAGE.
YOU CAN RUN, DEVLIN,
BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE!
I'LL USE THOSE
TWO MAGIC CRESTS
TO ACTIVATE ANOTHER
SPECIAL ABILITY--
MY DARK MAGICIAN'S
MYSTIC BOX!
YOUR WARP VORTEX
INSPIRED ME
TO FIND
AN ALTERNATIVE PATH
TO YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD.
HOW ARE YOU
GONNA DO THAT--
BY SKEWERING
YOUR OWN MONSTER?
NO! YARANZO!
YOUR MAGICIAN SWITCHED
POSITIONS WITH MY MONSTER!
AND NOW HE'S
IN ATTACK POSITION,
AND THERE'S NOTHING
BETWEEN US TO PROTECT
MY HEART POINTS!
WHICH MEANS
HE'LL DELIVER
THE FINAL BLOW!
DARK MAGIC ATTACK!
AAH! AAH!
[GASPING]
HA HA HA!
MY DOG DAYS ARE OVER!
Together:
ALL RIGHT!
Tea:
THAT WAS SO INTENSE!
Tristan: HE REALLY
IS THE KING OF GAMES.
WOW!
Duke Devlin: YUGI, I'M SORRY
I ACCUSED YOU OF CHEATING.
THE BETTER PLAYER
WON TODAY, AND IT WAS YOU.
YOU PROVED YOU REALLY
DID BEAT PEGASUS
FAIR AND SQUARE.
I WAS SUCH A CREEP TODAY,
AND THANKS
TO THOSE TV CAMERAS,
THE WHOLE WORLD KNOWS IT.
MY STORE IS RUINED.
NO ONE'S GONNA WANT TO PLAY
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS NOW.
[AS YUGI]
THAT'S NOT TRUE
AT ALL, DUKE.
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS
HAS THE POTENTIAL
TO BECOME A HUGE HIT.
TRUE. I HAVEN'T SEEN
A GAME THIS EXCITING
SINCE DUEL MONSTERS.
YOU'VE GOT TO KEEP
YOUR STORE OPEN.
THERE'S MORE
THAN ENOUGH ROOM
FOR TWO GAME STORES
IN TOWN.
I'VE GOT A FEELING
ONCE DUNGEON DICE
MONSTERS TAKES OFF,
YOU'LL BOTH HAVE
ALL THE CUSTOMERS
YOU CAN HANDLE.
HUH? NO WAY.
DO YOU REALLY THINK SO?
SURE. DICE MONSTERS
IS GREAT.
IT'S YOU I DON'T LIKE.
I'D LOVE TO LEARN
HOW TO PLAY DICE MONSTERS.
I CAN TEACH YOU.
GREAT!
NOW THAT JOEY'S
OUT OF THE DOGHOUSE,
MAYBE THINGS WILL
GET BACK TO NORMAL
AROUND HERE,
WHICH MEANS THAT
I CAN FINALLY GET BACK
TO PLAYING
DUEL MONSTERS.
SO THAT'S IT?
HOW CAN YOU LET ME OFF
SO EASY, YUGI?
I WAS A TOTAL JERK
TO YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS.
THE GAME IS OVER NOW.
LET'S JUST LEAVE
THE FIGHTING
ON THE FIELD
BECAUSE REVENGE
LEAVES YOU WITH NOTHING
EXCEPT FOR MORE
BAD FEELINGS, DUKE,
AND IF YOU'RE
TRULY SORRY,
THE BEST THING TO DO
IS BE FRIENDS.
I AM SORRY...
AND YOU'RE OFFERING ME
SOMETHING BETTER
THAN WINNING.
FRIENDSHIP ALWAYS IS.
HUH?
HMM.
AW.
[BEEP BEEP]
Yugi: HEY, DUKE.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU GOT
SOME NEW E-MAIL.
Joey: ANYTHING GOOD?
[TYPING]
WHOA! INDUSTRIAL ILLUSIONS
DID SEND A CONTRACT AFTER ALL,
AND THEY WANT TO TAKE
DUNGEON DICE MONSTERS GLOBAL!
[ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
YOU'RE IN
THE MONEY NOW.
CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU.
THAT'S GREAT!
THANK YOU SO MUCH,
YUGI.
I REALLY COULDN'T
HAVE DONE IT
WITHOUT YOU
SETTING ME STRAIGHT.
DUKE, YOU INVENTED
A GREAT GAME.
BUT YOU MADE ME SEE
IT WAS MISSING
SOMETHING--
THAT A GAME'S
NOT JUST ABOUT
MASTERING THE RULES,
BUT ABOUT GETTING
TO KNOW YOUR OPPONENT.
RIGHT! IT'S NOT
ALL ABOUT RULES
AND HOW TO WIN.
IT'S ABOUT
HAVING FUN
AND MEETING
AND MAKING
NEW FRIENDS.
Voice-over: BECAUSE
YOU NEVER KNOW WHERE
YOU'RE GONNA FIND THEM,
OR, ONCE YOU'VE MET THEM,
HOW CLOSE
THEY'RE GOING TO BECOME.
[YAMI-YUGI CHUCKLING]